Miss Kristin will you stop at nothing for the position of Queen your Majesty a woman that dares to deceive the royals like this
Is it fit to become your mistress? Please expel her from the wolf plan and immediately
Amelia once upon a time you took this necklace from me, and now you claim that you've never seen it
Is this your revenge on me? I didn't my lord. She slandered me your majesty
Are you really going to continue to indulge this malicious woman for your own personal desire?
silence
When I first met Amelia that Kristin's adult ceremony
She was humiliating her trying to force her to become a lone wolf. I am not
Intentionally favoring Kristin
But given these two's history
Amelia's words are dubious at best your Majesty
I
Take her away
Your Majesty don't be so hard on Miss Amelia if you don't believe us. Just cast us out me and my brother
We wouldn't endure such humiliation
Emergency please Miss Anna she truly loves you and do not forget the late King specified clearly in his will you are to marry
Your Majesty
Please appoint Miss Anna as Queen
Otherwise none of our tribes will support the like in any more